# Brain Training Game
This is final project for "Study Jams 2016: Android Development for Beginners" course organized by Udacity and Google Developer Group Lviv. 
This is a basic brain training game, which will be asking the user to calculate the answer to various simple arithmetic expressions.
The user is presented with three levels of game difficulty: Easy, Medium, Hard. Clicking on each one of them sets the maximum number 
of terms involved in the arithmetic expression that the user needs to calculate. The Easy level corresponds to an arithmetic expression 
involving exactly 2 integers. The Medium level corresponds to an arithmetic expression with 3 terms. The Hard level corresponds to 
an arithmetic expression with 4 terms. After the user sets the difficulty level, by clicking on one of the 3 levels, the user is presented 
with the main game screen which contains a random (not fixed or hardcoded but randomly generated by the program itself) arithmetic 
expression among integers, based on the difficulty level he/she has chosen. The arithmetic expression includes random mixed operations 
utilising addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. In total, for a single game, the user will be presented and asked to guess 
10 different arithmetic expressions. In the end of each game (after 10 arithmetic expressions), the user will be displayed with a score 
which the sum of the points scored in each question. The score will take into account how fast the user answered the question.
